# Collected Limp Mode info  

List of threads with existing limp info:  

https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/2244 - Limp mode affecting the unit tests  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/932 - Limp mode for MAP failure  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/2125 - Fail second ETB when other is down  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/2258 - Time since boot should be included in main relay logic  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/2073 - Try to check which trigger wheel the signal is coming from to allow limp from second trigger  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/2058 - better handling of FSIO fails  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/1604 - Allow negative values for the TPS  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/1535 - Rev limit with ETB  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/1444 - Use pin input to trigger a log  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/1236 - ETB feedback logic  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/987 - Better handling of unexpected trigger shape  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/936 - Misfire detection  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/932 - Fail safe mode/limp mode for MAP failure  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/680 - Document TS FSIO formulas  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/468 - TPS vs MAP error detection logic  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/455 - RPM hard limit depending on CLT  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/202 - Knock reaction  
https://github.com/rusefi/rusefi/issues/95 - per-injector performance correction  

https://rusefi.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1952&p=40009 - Fw. improvement - PANIC BUTTON  
https://rusefi.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1900&p=39412 - Limp Home and Engine Protection  
https://rusefi.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1469&p=39327 - Software knock processing  


# Control methods and logic:   
### Knock Intervention  
Current status - Knock sensors work, we have reliable logging of signals, we have some level of noise threshold working, we have know windowing working, we have auto calculation of the second harmonic?  


